Add kubestash docs (#1)
kubestash/docs: docs/guides/platforms/gke/index.md

    --role "roles/storage.admin"
```

Also ensure that the required IAM roles for Workload Identity is added.

## Prepare KubeStash Operator

In this section, we are going to bind the Kubernetes service account for KubeStash operator and the IAM service account `bucket-accessor` that we have created earlier. This binding allows the Kubernetes service account to act as the IAM service account.

We have installed KubeStash in `kubestash` namespace. Let’s add the IAM annotations to the `ServiceAccount`,

```bash
$ kubectl annotate sa -n kubestash kubestash-kubestash-operator iam.gke.io/gcp-service-account="bucket-accessor@sample-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com" 
serviceaccount/kubestash-kubestash-operator annotated
```

Now, let's bind it with the IAM service account,

```bash
$ gcloud iam service-accounts add-iam-policy-binding bucket-accessor@sample-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com \
    --role roles/iam.workloadIdentityUser \
    --member "serviceAccount:sample-project.svc.id.goog[kubestash/kubestash-kubestash-operator]"
```

> > For Standard cluster, you may need to provide `nodeSelector` during KubeStash installation. Use `--set-string kubestash-operator.nodeSelector."iam\\.gke\\.io/gke-metadata-server-enabled"="true"` during KubeStash installation. For Autopilot clusters, omit the `nodeSelector`. Autopilot rejects this `nodeSelector` because all nodes use Workload Identity.

Reviewer: For a Standard cluster, you might require a `nodeSelector` for the pod that uses workload identity to connect to the backend. However, for Autopilot clusters, there's no need to set the `nodeSelector`. Autopilot rejects this because all nodes utilize Workload Identity.

To set the `nodeSelector` for the operator pod, you can use the flag `--set-string kubestash-operator.nodeSelector."iam.gke.io/gke-metadata-server-enabled"="true"` when installing or upgrading KubeStash via Helm.

### Prepare Backend

Now we are going to store our backed up data into a [GCS bucket](https://cloud.google.com/storage/). As we are using workload identity enabled cluster, we don't need the storage secret to access the GCS bucket.

**Create BackupStorage:**

Now, let's create a `BackupStorage` with the information of our desired GCS bucket. Below is the YAML of `BackupStorage` CR we are going to create,

```yaml
apiVersion: storage.kubestash.com/v1alpha1
kind: BackupStorage
metadata:
  name: gcs-storage
  namespace: demo
spec:
  storage:
    provider: gcs
    gcs:
      bucket: kubestash
      prefix: demo
  usagePolicy:
    allowedNamespaces:
      from: All
  default: true
  deletionPolicy: WipeOut
  runtimeSettings:
    pod:
      serviceAccountName: bucket-user
```

Let's create the `BackupStorage` we have shown above,

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubestash/docs/raw/{{< param "info.version" >}}/docs/guides/platforms/gke/examples/backupstorage.yaml
backupstorage.storage.kubestash.com/gcs-storage created
```

Now, we are ready to backup our sample data into this backend.

> > For Standard cluster, you may need to provide `nodeSelector` in the `BackupStorage` yaml. Add `"iam.gke.io/gke-metadata-server-enabled"="true"` in `spec.runtimeSettings.nodeSelector`  field of the `BackupStorage`. For Autopilot clusters, omit the `nodeSelector` field. Autopilot rejects this `nodeSelector` because all nodes use Workload Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For a Standard cluster, you might require a `nodeSelector` for the backend cleaner jobs. You can set this in the `spec.runtimeSettings.nodeSelector` field of the `BackupStorage` object. 
```

      scheduler:
        schedule: "*/5 * * * *"
        jobTemplate:
          backoffLimit: 1
      repositories:
        - name: gcs-demo-repo
          backend: gcs-backend
          directory: /demo/sample-sts
          encryptionSecret:
            name: encrypt-secret
            namespace: demo
      addon:
        name: workload-addon
        tasks:
          - name: logical-backup
            targetVolumes:
              volumeMounts:
                - name: source-data
                  mountPath: /source/data
            params:
              paths: /source/data
              exclude: /source/data/lost+found
        jobTemplate:
          spec:
            serviceAccountName: bucket-user
      retryConfig:
        maxRetry: 2
        delay: 1m
```

Here, `spec.sessions[*].addon.jobTemplate.spec.serviceAccountName` refers to the name of the `ServiceAccount` to use in the backup job(s).

Let's create the `BackupConfiguration` CR we have shown above,

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubestash/docs/raw/{{< param "info.version" >}}/docs/guides/platforms/gke/examples/backupconfiguration.yaml
backupconfiguration.core.kubestash.com/sample-backup-sts created
```

> > For Standard cluster, you may need to provide `nodeSelector` in the `BackupConfiguration` yaml. Add `"iam.gke.io/gke-metadata-server-enabled"="true"` in `spec.sessions[*].addon.jobTemplate.spec.nodeSelector`  field of the `BackupConfiguration`. For Autopilot clusters, omit the `nodeSelector` field. Autopilot rejects this `nodeSelector` because all nodes use Workload Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For a Standard cluster, you might require a nodeSelector for the Backup job. You can set this in the `spec.sessions[*].addon.jobTemplate.spec.nodeSelector` field of the `BackupConfiguration`. 
```

/ # exit
```

**Create RestoreSession:**

To restore the StatefulSet, you have to create a `RestoreSession` object pointing to the StatefulSet.

Here, is the YAML of the `RestoreSession` object that we are going to use for restoring our `sample-sts` StatefulSet.

```yaml
apiVersion: core.kubestash.com/v1alpha1
kind: RestoreSession
metadata:
  name: sample-restore
  namespace: demo
spec:
  target:
    apiGroup: apps
    kind: StatefulSet
    name: sample-sts
    namespace: demo
  dataSource:
    repository: gcs-demo-repo
    snapshot: latest
    encryptionSecret:
      name: encrypt-secret
      namespace: demo
    components:
      - dump-pod-0
  addon:
    name: workload-addon
    tasks:
      - name: logical-backup-restore
    jobTemplate:
      spec:
        serviceAccountName: bucket-user
```

Here,

- `spec.addon.jobTemplate.spec.serviceAccountName` refers to the name of the `ServiceAccount` to use in the restore job(s).
- `spec.dataSource.snapshot` specifies to restore from latest `Snapshot`.
- `spec.dataSource.components` refers to the components that we want to restore. Here we want to restore data to `pod-0`, as we only deleted data from `sample-sts-0`.

> > For Standard cluster, you may need to provide `nodeSelector` in the `RestoreSession` yaml. Add `"iam.gke.io/gke-metadata-server-enabled"="true"` in `spec.addon.jobTemplate.spec.nodeSelector`  field of the `RestoreSession`. For Autopilot clusters, omit the `nodeSelector` field. Autopilot rejects this `nodeSelector` because all nodes use Workload Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For a Standard cluster, you might require a nodeSelector for the Backup job. You can set this in the `spec.addon.jobTemplate.spec.nodeSelector` field of the `RestoreSession`. 
```
